initially written on 2021/12/30

I had stopped learning in November. December is a nice and long break. I can't say I fall in love with programming again, but I understand it is the best option and the only option for me as a career choice, strategically speaking. I don't believe that the current education system is the best to train people, but the years in college and university have not only taught me the knowledge but also how to think. my life goal is to have a good career and better pay, so I could work on my degree slowly, and possibly pursue even further academically. I think programming is something I can get into before getting a degree, and it will provide me for education.

so far I feel that I have learned a lot about programming, but none of any of knowledge had proven to be useful for me. it all changed recently. I used VSCode to take a look the source code of a small application on GitHub, because it misbehaved. I also learned how to write a small .bat file to open a list of sites at once. finally, I can see how knowing programming can be helpful. it feels great!

I decided to quickly wrap up the RB100 content and move on to the paid courses from Launch School, and give it until March to see if I want to continue to learn or give it all up. now I think I should, and I want to stay. it might be a good idea to start Launch School sooner than I planned. I know I like to dig deeper into anything I learn, but without much practice, the theory will not make sense and a curriculum could actually accelerate my progress. I have know the contents of RB100 well, but not in Ruby. all I need to do is to get familiar with Ruby. surprisingly I found Ruby syntax is very similar to Python, because of its readability. I was afraid it could be like something like Java.
